In the evening of January 6, 1940, the door was called to the door.
I saw the armed people on the street.
They were at home. They opened the door, opened the door.
There was a young man standing there. He said,
when I opened the door, I opened the door.
When the man opened the door, the young man stood in front of the door.
At that time, the door was opened.
I see that the people were in two masks in the corridor.
There were also eight people.
They said that we had a meeting at your office.
We had a meeting at your house.
They went out of the room right away.
They took everything.
They started the meeting.
They were laughing everywhere.
They said that they were going to the literature
and the books.
They took the phone and the tablet.
They didn't come back.
We didn't have to talk to each other.
We didn't have to call anyone.
It was about two hours long.
Then, when the investigator fulfilled all this,
he said,
you can collect things you don't need at home.
He even mentioned that half a year, half a year,
it won't be for you.
We brought the investigator to the committee.
He immediately took the room.
We were waiting for him in the corridor.
Then the investigator came to the room.
They brought the other people to our rooms.
It's been seven hours.
We had already decided to ask them to come to the end of the room.
They called the committee and told us
that I know that you are good people.
You are a family.
Why do you share your life?
You are a member of the society.
They told us that I and you are a family.
We heard that the organization of the illegal family
was acquitted.
I said that it was heard,
but it was closed by a legal organization.
It's not like they are separated from the victims.
They started to trust me at first.
That I have a daughter.
He is very rude.
He says, no.
You don't see any family cards.
You don't see any phones.
You can buy new phones,
new tablet and look for new husband.
When we brought the investigator to the committee,
the second floor was raised.
My mother immediately became bad and she fell into the sea.
I began to ask her for help
to raise her soon.
All the representatives of the investigation committee
looked at it.
But they raised her soon.
And in the end, everything was called a circus.
It was very painful.
There were a lot of tanks.
I was shocked.
I was very bad.
In the fourth floor,
four hours a day
and I came to see him.
He went to the police station
and when he came to see me,
I told him,
hello, I love you.
He was a bit surprised.
Although it's not good.
And he said,
I love you too.
And he took him to the office.
He took him 15 minutes.
And the investigator came to me too.
He was so excited
with such a happy smile that he did his job.
We are a good person.
Everyone always helps us to do good
and 9 years old.
It will be 10 years.
And I always used to do everything together.